Add Hooks for Liquid-Liquid Point Model (#144)
ESSS/alfasim-sdk: docs/source/plugins/06_solver_hooks.rst

    Another important API function for UCM is :cpp:func:`get_ucm_fluid_geometrical_properties`. This function computes
    the geometrical properties properly in each previous presented `hooks` depending on the flow pattern.

> Unit Cell Model (UCM) Liquid-Liquid System

Author: As we discussed in a call, we decide to change names from Unit Cell Model (UCM) to Mechanistic Model. With that, the Hooks and API functions related to Liquid-Liquid System will lost the `_ucm` from their names. Internally, in ALFAsim, we decided to keep as few changes as possible.

What do you think, @arthursoprana ?

> Unit Cell Model (UCM) Liquid-Liquid System

Author: - [ ] remove `_ucm`

------------------------------------------

> The |alfasim|'s multiphase modeling represents an one dimensional multiphase flow, in which is a result of some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|alfasim|'s multiphase model assumes a one dimensional system of nonlinear equations, in which is a result of some
```

> The |alfasim|'s multiphase modeling represents an one dimensional multiphase flow, in which is a result of some
> simplifications that transforms a local instantaneous three-dimensional model into a one-dimensional model. It results
> in a set of average equations for the multiphase flow. Because of those simplifications some important phenomena must
> be modeled in order to accurately represent the physical behavior. The shear stress is one of these phenomena that is
> modeled to increase the quality of the one dimensional model, in which the Unit Cell model (UCM) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|alfasim|'s resulting multiphase model is a one-dimensional system of nonlinear equations, which is a result of some
averaging steps that transforms a local instantaneous three-dimensional model into a one-dimensional multiphase (and multi-field) model. The derived variables that form the nonlinear differential equations represent average values at a given point in time and space. It is clear that in this averaging process there are important phenomena that will non longer be naturally captured from the equations and therefore one of the strategies is to incorporate all the physics that have been lost in the averagig process in the shear stress term in order to accurately represent the physical behavior. Hence the shear stress is one of the most important parameters for characterizing the quality of a one-dimensional multiphase model.
```

Author: Done

The main goal of the Unit Cell Model is to obtain the friction factor that will be used to compute the Shear Stress
term in the momentum equation and it depends on the flow pattern of the fluid flow. In |alfasim|'s Solver it can be
performed for two phase (Gas-Liquid) and three phase (Gas-Oil-Water) systems. However, the three phase system is used
only if there is a plugin in which implements the liquid-liquid (Oil-Water) system.

.. note ::
    Note that the two phase (Gas-Liquid) system of UCM can be used for both two and three phase flows, in which is
    done in case of a liquid-liquid system is not available via plugin.

In the gas-liquid system the liquid phase is considered as a sum of all liquid phases, and the model take into account
only the interaction behavior between these two phases (Gas and Liquid). Of course, this kind of approach brings some
limitations, since the behavior of the oil and water in the liquid phase is considered nearly homogeneous (mixture).
On the other hand, if the liquid-liquid system considers the interaction between oil and water, it introduces a better

> modeling and representation of the tree phase system. In fact, considering the interaction between the oil and water

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modeling and representation of the three-phase system. In fact, considering the interaction between the oil and water
```

Author: Done

phases, behaviors such as emulsion formation (oil dominated or water dominated) and stratified flow can be taken into
account together with the gas-liquid system.

The |alfasim|'s Unit Cell Model (UCM) of three phase system is divided into two steps, one for gas-liquid system and
one for liquid-liquid system in which the complete representation uses an incremental approach. The two phase systems
(Gas-Liquid and Liquid-Liquid) model different behaviors and are coupled in the three phase system algorithm. First the
UCM for gas-liquid system is solved, considering a single liquid phase (Oil and Water mixture), after that the UCM for

> liquid-liquid system is solved, considering independent oil and water phases. Before assume that both have a final
> result, the properties of liquid phase are updated taking into account the solution of UCM for liquid-liquid system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
liquid-liquid system is solved, considering independent oil and water phases. Finally, the properties of liquid phase are updated taking into account the solution of UCM for liquid-liquid system.
```

Author: Done
